Total coverage: 100.00%
sensitivity/time: 100.00%
	simple_time_neutral covered
sensitivity/none: 100.00%
	simple_none_positive covered
	simple_none_negative covered
	none_in_function_positive covered
	none_in_function_negative covered
	none_in_function_with_two_args_positive covered
	none_in_function_with_two_args_negative covered
	or_operator_for_none_positive covered
	or_operator_for_none_negative covered
	conditional_expression_none_positive covered
	conditional_expression_none_negative covered
	list_with_none_handling_positive covered
	list_with_none_handling_negative covered
sensitivity/regex: 100.00%
	regex_exactly_match_negative covered
	regex_escaping_positive covered
	regex_char_group_negative covered
	regex_not_char_group_positive covered
	regex_anchor_negative covered
	regex_anchor_positive covered
	regex_backreference_positive covered
	regex_named_backreference_negative covered
	regex_counting_quantifier_negative covered
	regex_count_positive covered
	regex_alternation_negative covered
	regex_lookarounds_positive covered
	regex_options_negative covered
	regex_inline_options_negative covered
	regex_replace_positive covered
	regex_replace_with_substitution_negative covered
	regex_split_positive covered
	regex_matches_positive covered
sensitivity/string_interpolation: 100.00%
	simple_string_interpolation_positive covered
	simple_string_interpolation_with_condition_positive covered
	simple_string_interpolation_negative covered
	format_method_interpolation_positive covered
	format_method_interpolation_negative covered
	percent_operator_interpolation_positive covered
	format_method_with_indexes_positive covered
	string_interpolation_multiline_positive covered
	string_interpolation_with_string_operations_positive covered
	string_interpolation_escaping_negative covered
sensitivity/async: 100.00%
	simple_async_call_negative covered
	simple_async_call_positive covered
sensitivity/slices: 100.00%
	array_expand_full_positive covered
	array_expand_full_negative covered
	array_expand_prefix_positive covered
	array_expand_prefix_negative covered
	array_expand_suffix_positive covered
	array_expand_suffix_negative covered
	array_expand_inner_positive covered
	array_expand_inner_negative covered
	array_expand_inner_from_end_positive covered
	array_expand_inner_from_end_negative covered
	array_index_from_end_positive covered
	array_index_from_end_negative covered
	array_index_positive covered
	array_index_negative covered
	array_concat_element_positive covered
	array_concat_element_negative covered
	array_concat_array_positive covered
	array_concat_array_negative covered
sensitivity/assignment: 100.00%
	simple_assignment_positive covered
	simple_assignment_negative covered
	assignment_positive covered
	assignment_negative covered
	lazy_eval_positive covered
	lazy_eval_negative covered
	new_var_assignment_neutral covered
sensitivity/disposable/disposable: 100.00%
	disposable_interface_positive covered
	disposable_interface_negative covered
	disposable_interface_value_positive covered
sensitivity/record/record: 100.00%
	simple_record_positive covered
	simple_record_negative covered
	nested_record_positive covered
	nested_record_negative covered
sensitivity/pattern-matching/record_patterns: 100.00%
	simple_record_patterns_positive covered
	simple_record_patterns_negative covered
	simple_record_patterns_nested_positive covered
	simple_record_patterns_nested_negative covered
sensitivity/pattern-matching/instance_matching: 100.00%
	pattern_matching_simple_1_positive covered
	pattern_matching_simple_1_negative covered
	pattern_matching_simple_2_negative covered
	pattern_matching_simple_4_positive covered
	pattern_matching_simple_4_negative covered
	pattern_matching_switch_simple_1_positive covered
	pattern_matching_switch_simple_1_negative covered
sensitivity/pattern-matching/matching: 100.00%
	switch_int_pattern_positive covered
	switch_int_pattern_negative covered
	switch_int_list_pattern_positive covered
	switch_int_list_pattern_negative covered
	switch_point_pattern_positive covered
	switch_point_pattern_negative covered
	multiple_matches_pattern_negative covered
	multiple_matches_pattern_positive covered
	regex_matches_pattern_positive covered
	regex_matches_pattern_negative covered
sensitivity/generics/constrainedClasses: 100.00%
	get_value_from_generic_class_positive covered
	get_value_from_generic_class_negative covered
	get_object_value_from_generic_class_positive covered
	get_object_value_from_generic_class_negative covered
sensitivity/magic/magic: 100.00%
	magic_method_init_positive covered
	magic_method_init_negative covered
	magic_method_str_positive covered
	magic_method_repr_positive covered
	magic_method_len_positive covered
	magic_method_len_negative covered
	magic_method_getitem_positive covered
	magic_method_iter_positive covered
	magic_method_eq_positive covered
	magic_method_eq_negative covered
sensitivity/monkey/patching: 100.00%
	monkey_patch_class_method_negative covered
	monkey_patch_class_method_positive covered
	monkey_patch_class_method_with_arg_positive covered
	monkey_patch_module_function_positive covered
	monkey_patch_module_function_negative covered
	monkey_patch_class_property_positive covered
	monkey_patch_class_property_negative covered
sensitivity/lambdas/mutation: 100.00%
	unary_lambda_mutation_positive covered
	unary_lambda_mutation_negative covered
	nested_unary_lambda_mutation_positive covered
	nested_unary_lambda_mutation_negative covered
sensitivity/field/nested: 100.00%
	nested_field_simple_positive covered
	nested_field_simple_negative covered
	nested_field_simple_array_positive covered
	nested_field_simple_array_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_2_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_2_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_2_array_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_2_array_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_3_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_3_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_3_array_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_3_array_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_4_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_4_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_4_array_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_4_array_negative covered
sensitivity/field/staticField: 100.00%
	class_with_static_string_field_positive covered
	class_with_static_string_field_negative covered
sensitivity/field/regularField: 100.00%
	class_with_string_field_positive covered
	class_with_string_field_negative covered
sensitivity/field/constructors: 100.00%
	class_with_instance_initializer_positive covered
	class_with_instance_initializer_negative covered
	class_with_string_initialization_positive covered
	class_with_string_initialization_negative covered
	class_with_nested_string_initialization_positive covered
	class_with_nested_string_initialization_negative covered
	class_with_array_initialization_by_value_positive covered
	class_with_array_initialization_by_value_negative covered
	class_with_array_initialization_by_value_neutral covered
	class_with_array_initialization_positive covered
	class_with_array_initialization_negative covered
	class_with_array_initialization_neutral covered
	string_factory_positive covered
	string_factory_negative covered
sensitivity/exceptions/rethrow: 100.00%
	rethrow_negative covered
	rethrow_positive covered
sensitivity/exceptions/causeThrows: 100.00%
	class_not_found_exception_positive covered
	class_not_found_exception_negative covered
	arithmetic_exception_positive covered
	arithmetic_exception_negative covered
	null_pointer_exception_positive covered
	null_pointer_exception_negative covered
sensitivity/exceptions/tryCatchFinally: 100.00%
	try_cath_positive covered
	try_cath_negative covered
	try_cath_finally_positive covered
	try_cath_finally_negative covered
	try_multi_cath_positive covered
	try_multi_cath_negative covered
sensitivity/collections/set: 100.00%
	set_add_simple_positive covered
	set_add_simple_negative covered
	set_remove_simple_positive covered
	set_remove_simple_negative covered
	set_contains_positive covered
	set_contains_negative covered
	set_size_positive covered
	set_size_negative covered
	set_union_negative covered
	set_remove_positive covered
	set_disjoint_positive covered
sensitivity/collections/queue: 100.00%
	simple_poll_positive covered
	simple_poll_negative covered
	simple_peek_negative covered
	queue_is_empty_1_positive covered
	queue_is_empty_1_negative covered
	queue_poll_negative covered
	queue_poll_positive covered
	queue_poll_all_positive covered
	two_queues_positive covered
sensitivity/collections/comprehension: 100.00%
	simple_list_comprehension_positive covered
	simple_list_comprehension_negative covered
	list_comprehension_with_condition_positive covered
	list_comprehension_with_condition_neg_index_positive covered
	list_comprehension_with_condition_negative covered
	nested_list_comprehension_positive covered
	nested_list_comprehension_negative covered
	list_comprehension_with_zip_positive covered
sensitivity/collections/list: 100.00%
	list_set_positive covered
	list_set_negative covered
	list_add_get_at_zero_index_empty_negative covered
	list_add_and_remove_positive covered
	list_to_array_and_get_positive covered
	list_to_array_and_get_negative covered
	list_union_positive covered
	list_clear_start_negative covered
sensitivity/collections/tuples: 100.00%
	empty_tuple_operation_positive covered
	empty_tuple_operation_negative covered
	tuple_to_list_conversion_negative covered
	tuple_to_list_conversion_positive covered
	tuple_unpacking_positive covered
	tuple_unpacking_negative covered
	tuple_concatenation_positive covered
	tuple_concatenation_negative covered
	nested_tuples_positive covered
	nested_tuples_negative covered
	tuple_iteration_negative covered
	tuple_iteration_positive covered
	tuple_as_dict_key_positive covered
	tuple_as_dict_key_negative covered
	tuple_with_none_positive covered
	swap_values_with_tuple_positive covered
	swap_values_with_tuple_negative covered
	tuple_negative_index_access_negative covered
	tuple_negative_index_access_positive covered
sensitivity/collections/map: 100.00%
	map_simple_get_1_positive covered
	map_simple_get_1_negative covered
	map_remove_1_negative covered
	map_remove_1_positive covered
	map_merge_1_positive covered
	map_clear_negative covered
	map_put_if_absent_negative covered
	map_merge_2_negative covered
sensitivity/collections/yield: 100.00%
	yield_simple_positive covered
	yield_simple_negative covered
	yield_multiple_take_first_positive covered
	yield_multiple_take_first_negative covered
	yield_multiple_take_last_negative covered
	yield_multiple_take_last_positive covered
	generator_infinite_positive covered
	generator_infinite_negative covered
	generator_yield_from_positive covered
	generator_yield_from_negative covered
	yield_break_negative covered
	yield_break_positive covered
sensitivity/duck/typing: 100.00%
	duck_typing_quack_method_positive covered
	duck_typing_quack_method_negative covered
	duck_typing_hasattr_check_positive covered
	duck_typing_hasattr_check_negative covered
	duck_typing_missing_method_exception_negative covered
	duck_typing_dynamic_method_addition_positive covered
	duck_typing_dynamic_method_addition_exception_negative covered
	duck_typing_multiple_attributes_positive covered
	duck_typing_multiple_attributes_negative covered
sensitivity/decorator/decorator: 100.00%
	simple_function_decorator_positive covered
	simple_function_decorator_negative covered
	simple_class_decorator_positive covered
	simple_class_decorator_negative covered
	function_decorator_memoization_positive covered
	function_decorator_memoization_negative covered
sensitivity/varargs/varargs: 100.00%
	varargs_get_first_string_positive covered
	varargs_get_first_string_negative covered
	varargs_get_string_with_index_positive covered
	varargs_get_string_with_index_negative covered
	varargs_get_first_string_from_array_positive covered
	varargs_get_first_string_from_array_negative covered
	varargs_with_generics_positive covered
	varargs_with_generics_negative covered
	varargs_combine_strings_positive covered
	varargs_combine_strings_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/recursion: 100.00%
	recursion_simple_positive covered
	recursion_simple_negative covered
	recursion_mutual_positive covered
	recursion_mutual_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/if: 100.00%
	if_operator_positive covered
	if_operator_negative covered
	if_else_operator_neutral covered
	if_else_if_operator_neutral covered
	if_operator_with_var_in_condition_positive covered
	if_operator_with_var_in_condition_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/for: 100.00%
	for_operator_positive covered
	for_operator_negative covered
	for_operator_reverse_positive covered
	for_operator_reverse_negative covered
	for_operator_string_array_positive covered
	for_operator_string_array_negative covered
	for_operator_continue_positive covered
	for_operator_continue_negative covered
	for_operator_break_positive covered
	for_operator_break_negative covered
	for_operator_nested_positive covered
	for_operator_nested_negative covered
	for_operator_change_index_positive covered
	for_operator_change_index_negative covered
	for_operator_non_zero_init_positive covered
	for_operator_non_zero_init_negative covered
	for_operator_strcpy_positive covered
	for_operator_strcpy_negative covered
	for_operator_collection_positive covered
	for_operator_collection_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/conditionswitch: 100.00%
	switch_basic_positive covered
	switch_basic_negative covered
	switch_multiple_conditions_positive covered
	switch_multiple_conditions_negative covered
	switch_multiple_case_conditions_positive covered
	switch_multiple_case_conditions_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/while: 100.00%
	while_operator_positive covered
	while_operator_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/switch: 100.00%
	switch_operator_positive covered
	switch_operator_negative covered
	switch_operator_any_positive covered
	switch_operator_any_negative covered
sensitivity/concurrency/concurrency: 100.00%
	thread_set_negative covered
	thread_set_positive covered
	thread_set_nostart_positive covered
	two_set_threads_in_sequence_positive covered
	two_set_threads_in_sequence_negative covered
	two_switching_tasks_concurrent_positive covered
	null_and_restore_condvar_positive covered
sensitivity/import/import: 100.00%
	import_string_module_positive covered
	import_string_module_negative covered
	import_string_module_alias_positive covered
	import_string_module_alias_negative covered
	import_string_module_from_positive covered
	import_string_module_from_negative covered
	import_string_module_from_alias_positive covered
	import_string_module_from_alias_negative covered
	import_string_not_existing_module_positive covered
sensitivity/virtuality/class: 100.00%
	derived_binary_op1_positive covered
	derived_binary_op1_negative covered
	derived_binary_op2_positive covered
	derived_binary_op2_negative covered
	base_binary_op_positive covered
	base_binary_op_negative covered
sensitivity/virtuality/interface: 100.00%
	impl_binary_op_interface_class1_positive covered
	impl_binary_op_interface_class1_negative covered
	impl_binary_op_interface_class2_positive covered
	impl_binary_op_interface_class2_negative covered
	base_binary_op_interface_positive covered
	base_binary_op_interface_negative covered
sensitivity/reflection/reflection: 100.00%
	simple_reflection_positive covered
	simple_reflection_negative covered
sensitivity/operators/operators: 100.00%
	indexer_one_dim_positive covered
	indexer_one_dim_negative covered
	implicit_to_string_call_positive covered
	implicit_to_string_call_negative covered
	unary_operator_plus_call_positive covered
	unary_operator_minus_call_negative covered
	explicit_binary_operator_plus_call_positive covered
	explicit_binary_operator_minus_call_negative covered
	implicit_binary_operator_plus_call_positive covered
	implicit_binary_operator_minus_call_negative covered
sensitivity/dynamic: 100.00%
sensitivity/defer: 100.00%
sensitivity/nullable: 100.00%
sensitivity/closure: 100.00%
sensitivity/namedreturns: 100.00%
sensitivity/preprocessor: 100.00%
sensitivity/generics/constrainedMethods: 100.00%
sensitivity/field/sealedField: 100.00%
sensitivity/field/propertyField: 100.00%
sensitivity/field/constructorChains: 100.00%
sensitivity/field/primaryConstructors: 100.00%
sensitivity/exceptions/filters: 100.00%
sensitivity/exceptions/panic: 100.00%
sensitivity/collections/linq: 100.00%
sensitivity/collections/streams: 100.00%
sensitivity/vthreads/vthreads: 100.00%
sensitivity/dependencyInjection/javaSpecificInjection: 100.00%
sensitivity/dependencyInjection/cSharpSpecificInjection: 100.00%
sensitivity/unsafe/structSerialization: 100.00%
sensitivity/unsafe/nativePointers: 100.00%
sensitivity/unsafe/structPointers: 100.00%
sensitivity/unsafe/csharpPointers: 100.00%
sensitivity/unsafe/goPointers: 100.00%
sensitivity/events/events: 100.00%
sensitivity/events/eventsCustom: 100.00%
sensitivity/conditional/dowhile: 100.00%
sensitivity/delegates/funcDelegates: 100.00%
sensitivity/delegates/anonymousDelegates: 100.00%
sensitivity/delegates/multicastDelegates: 100.00%
sensitivity/delegates/customDelegates: 100.00%
sensitivity/delegates/actionDelegates: 100.00%
sensitivity/struct/struct: 100.00%
sensitivity/struct/refReadonlyField: 100.00%
sensitivity/struct/deconstruction: 100.00%
sensitivity/struct/mutation: 100.00%
sensitivity/struct/anonstructures: 100.00%
sensitivity/concurrency/atomic: 100.00%
sensitivity/concurrency/channels: 100.00%
sensitivity/refargs/refargs: 100.00%
sensitivity/virtuality/default: 100.00%
sensitivity/virtuality/explicitInterfaceImplementation: 100.00%
sensitivity/virtuality/multiInterface: 100.00%
sensitivity/goTypes/embedding: 100.00%
sensitivity/goTypes/assertions: 100.00%
sensitivity/goTypes/alias: 100.00%
sensitivity/cSharpAbstractions/partial: 100.00%
sensitivity/cSharpAbstractions/abstract: 100.00%
sensitivity/cSharpAbstractions/extensionMethods: 100.00%
sensitivity/cSharpAbstractions/anonymous: 100.00%
sensitivity/operators/conversions: 100.00%
sensitivity/operators/staticAbstract: 100.00%
